What you'll learn:

The ins and outs of HTML5, CSS3, and Modern JavaScript for 2022
Create responsive, accessible, and beautiful layouts
Continue to learn and grow as a developer, long after the course ends
Create static HTML and CSS portfolio sites and landing pages
Think like a developer. Become an expert at Googling code questions!
Create complex HTML forms with validations
Use CSS Frameworks including Bootstrap 5 and Bulma
Implement responsive navbars on websites
Use JavaScript variables, conditionals, loops, functions, arrays, and objects
Write Javascript functions, and understand scope and higher order functions
Write JavaScript based browser games
Use common JS data structures like Arrays and Objects
Make a beautiful, responsive photographer's portfolio page
Create a beautiful, responsive landing page for a startup
Create a beautiful animated todo list application

Requirements:
Have a computer with Internet
Basic math knowledge like addition and multiplication






This is the only Udemy course taught by a professional bootcamp instructor with a track record of success.

94% of my in-person bootcamp students go on to get full-time developer jobs. Most of them are complete beginners when I start working with them.

The previous 2 bootcamp programs that I taught cost $14,000 and $21,000.  This course is just as comprehensive but with brand new content for a fraction of the price.



We build 13+ projects. No other course walks you through the creation of such a substantial application.

The course is constantly updated with new content, projects, and modules.  Think of it as a subscription to a never-ending supply of developer training.

You get to meet my cats and chickens!

When you're learning to program you often have to sacrifice learning the exciting and current technologies in favor of the "beginner friendly" classes.  With this course, you get the best of both worlds.  This is a course designed for the complete beginner, yet it covers some of the most exciting and relevant topics in the industry.

Throughout the brand new version of the course we cover tons of tools and technologies including:

HTML5
CSS3
Flexbox
Responsive Design
JavaScript (all 2022 modern syntax, ES6, ES2018, etc.)
Bootstrap 4 and 5 (alpha)
Bulma CSS Framework
DOM Manipulation

This course is also unique in the way that it is structured and presented. Many online courses are just a long series of "watch as I code" videos.  This course is different. I've incorporated everything I learned in my years of teaching to make this course not only more effective but more engaging. The course includes:

Lectures
Code-Alongs
Projects
Exercises
Research Assignments
Slides
Downloads
Readings

If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact me.  I got into this industry because I love working with people and helping students learn.  Sign up today and see how fun, exciting, and rewarding web development can be!

Who this course is for:
This course is for anyone who wants to learn about web development, regardless of previous experience
It's perfect for complete beginners with zero experience
It's also great for anyone who does have some experience in a few of the technologies(like HTML and CSS) but not all




luăm din webdev bootcamp până la scorekeeper inclusiv


How The Web Works
HTML5
Semantic HTML
Accessibility
CSS3 Essentials
Flexbox & Layout
CSS Animations
Responsive Design
CSS Frameworks
Bootstrap 4 & 5
JavaScript Basics
All Modern JS Syntax
DOM Manipulation



